Update mac-jamfpro-policies.md (#6979)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/mac-jamfpro-policies.md

   ![Image of WindowsDefenderATPOnboarding file.](images/plist-onboarding-file.png)

> 2. Login to Jamf Pro and navigate t0 **Computers** > **Configuration Profiles** and click **New**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Sign in to Jamf Pro, navigate to **Computers** > **Configuration Profiles**, and select **New**.
```
